# Base Jenerator

Abstract base class and return formats for AI Generator classes within the Jeneratorverse, providing a unified API across different media formats. 

The idea is, whether you're running Stable Diffusion 1.5 with imagejenerator, or Llama 3.2 with textjenerator, you'll always call the same methods, and get outputs returned to you in the same format.

## BaseGenerator class

Contract for generator classes that run model inference.

Abstract methods that must be implmented by subclasses are:

* `load`: load the model into memory, and assign the pipeline/model/engine to `self.model`.
* `prepare`: Reset lifecycle without tearing down the model - e.g., reset torch generators, clear cache, etc.
* `generate`: The public method that is called to run inference.
* `generate_impl`: Subclasses must implement this to run inference. Called by `.generate()`.
* `_quick_wrap`: Helper for subclasses to wrap artifacts into the Artfact class.
* `teardown`: Purge the model from memory, empty cache, run garbage collector, etc. 

## GeneratorOutput

Wrapper for artifacts generated. Will always return artifacts in a list in  the `.artifacts` attribute, even for pipelines that return a single artifact (e.g., LLMs, non-batch image generation, etc.). 

## Artifact

Represents a single artifact created by the generator. One image, text response, wav file, or whatever.

## Metadata

The jenerator packages are meant to be as stateless as possible - besides that which is necessary to run the model. 

So they don't/shouldn't capture or generate any metadata unless:

* It cannot be captured or generated by the calling app
* It is required to generate or save the artifact (e.g., a remote URL)

However, if necessary, jenerator classes can return generation-level metadata in `GeneratorOutput.extras`, and artifact-level metadata in `Artifact.item_extras`.

